[DOCU-1596] update rate limit ad docs + conf docs (#3005)
Kong/docs.konghq.com: app/_hub/kong-inc/rate-limiting-advanced/index.md

desc: Upgrades Kong Rate Limiting with more flexibility and higher performance
description: |

>   The Rate Limiting Advanced plugin for Kong Enterprise is a re-engineered version of the Kong Community [Rate Limiting plugin](/hub/kong-inc/rate-limiting/).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  The Rate Limiting Advanced plugin for Konnect Enterprise is a re-engineered version of the Kong Gateway (OSS) [Rate Limiting plugin](/hub/kong-inc/rate-limiting/).
```

>   As compared to the standard Rate Limiting plugin, Rate Limiting Advanced provides the additional configurations: `limit`, `window_size`, and `sync_rate`. It also has support for redis sentinel, redis cluster, and redis SSL.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  As compared to the standard Rate Limiting plugin, Rate Limiting Advanced provides the following additional configurations: `limit`, `window_size`, and `sync_rate`. It also has support for Redis Sentinel, Redis cluster, and Redis SSL.
```

>   In addition, the user has more rate limiting algorithms to choose from. These are more accurate as they enable configuration at a higher level of specificity. Learn more about our algorithms in [How to Design a Scalable Rate Limiting Algorithm](https://konghq.com/blog/how-to-design-a-scalable-rate-limiting-algorithm/).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
 You also have more rate limiting algorithms to choose from. These algorithms are more accurate, as they enable configuration at a higher level of specificity. Learn more about our algorithms in [How to Design a Scalable Rate Limiting Algorithm](https://konghq.com/blog/how-to-design-a-scalable-rate-limiting-algorithm/).
```
Slightly more casual phrasing.

Not sure what to do with "configuration at a higher level of specificity" - feels formal/wordy right now. Maybe something like "they let you configure targeted rate limiting"? Not sure I'm 100% happy with that phrasing either though.

  * Increased performance: Rate Limiting Advanced has better throughput performance with better accuracy. Configure `sync_rate` to periodically sync with backend storage.

>   * More limiting algorithms to choose from: These algorithms are more accurate, since they enable configuration with more specificity. Learn more about our algorithms in [How to Design a Scalable Rate Limiting Algorithm](https://konghq.com/blog/how-to-design-a-scalable-rate-limiting-algorithm/).

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
  * More limiting algorithms to choose from: These algorithms are more accurate and they enable configuration with more specificity. Learn more about our algorithms in [How to Design a Scalable Rate Limiting Algorithm](https://konghq.com/blog/how-to-design-a-scalable-rate-limiting-algorithm/).
```

>   Regarding performance, Rate Limiting Advanced has better throughput performance with better accuracy. Configure `sync_rate` to periodically sync with backend storage.

Reviewer: It might be better to turn these three paragraphs into a list, something like:
* Additional configuration options and Redis Sentinel support: ...
* Algorithms:
* Performance: ...

Author: Done

Because of limitations with Kong's plugin configuration interface, each *nth* limit will apply to each *nth* window size.
For example:

<pre><code>curl -X POST http://kong:8001/services/<div contenteditable="true">{SERVICE}</div>/plugins \
  --data name=rate-limiting-advanced \
  --data config.limit=10 \
  --data config.limit=100 \
  --data config.window_size=60 \
  --data config.window_size=3600 \

>   --data config.sync_rate=10</code></pre>

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  --data config.sync_rate=10 </code></pre>
```
